Update doc for server config (#1175)
temporalio/documentation: docs/server/configuration.md

The `global` section contains process-wide configuration. See below for a minimal configuration (optional parameters are commented out.)

```yaml
global:
  membership:
    broadcastAddress: "127.0.0.1"
  metrics:
    prometheus:
      framework: "opentelemetry"
      listenAddress: "127.0.0.1:8000"
```

### membership

The `membership` section controls the following membership layer parameters:

- `maxJoinDuration` - The amount of time the service will attempt to join the gossip layer before failing. Default is 10s.
- `broadcastAddress` - Used by gossip protocal to communicate with other nodes in the same cluster for membership info.

>   - Use IP address that is reachable by other nodes in the same cluster. Check `net.ParseIP` for supported syntax, only IPv4 is supported.

Author: Need some help on this section.

Reviewer: This is the reachable address for ringpop membership, which translates to the IP address to bind to for service communication.

This generally 127.0.0.1 or 0.0.0.0 for most scenarios.

In some complex setups this would be the IP address reachable by other members needing to communicate with this node.

The `global` section contains process-wide configuration. See below for a minimal configuration (optional parameters are commented out.)

```yaml
global:
  membership:
    broadcastAddress: "127.0.0.1"
  metrics:
    prometheus:
      framework: "opentelemetry"
      listenAddress: "127.0.0.1:8000"
```

### membership

The `membership` section controls the following membership layer parameters:

> - `maxJoinDuration` - The amount of time the service will attempt to join the gossip layer before failing. Default is 10s.
> - `broadcastAddress` - Used by gossip protocal to communicate with other hosts in the same cluster for membership info.
>   - Use IP address that is reachable by other hosts in the same cluster. If there is only one host in the cluster, you can use 127.0.0.1. Check `net.ParseIP` for supported syntax, only IPv4 is supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `maxJoinDuration`: The amount of time the service will attempt to join the gossip layer before failing.
Default is 10s.
- `broadcastAddress`: Used by gossip protocol to communicate with other hosts in the same Cluster for membership info.
Use IP address that is reachable by other hosts in the same Cluster.
If there is only one host in the Cluster, you can use 127.0.0.1.
Check `net.ParseIP` for supported syntax, only IPv4 is supported.
```

### metrics

> `metrics` - contains config for metrics subsystem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `metrics` config section is for the metrics subsystem.
```

> - `prefix` - the prefix to all outgoing metrics.
> - `tags` - the set of key-value pairs to be reported as part of every metric.
> - `excludeTags` - a map from tag name string to tag values string list. This is useful to exclude some tags that might have unbounded cardinality. The value string list can be used to whitelist values of that excluded tag to continue to be included. For example, if you want to exlude task_queue because it has unbounded cardinality, but you still want to see a whitelisted value for task_queue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `prefix`: The prefix to all outgoing metrics.
- `tags`: The set of key-value pairs to be reported as part of every metric.
- `excludeTags`: A map from tag name string to tag values string list.
This is useful to exclude some tags that might have unbounded cardinality.
The value string list can be used to whitelist values of that excluded tag to continue to be included.
For example, if you want to exclude `task_queue` because it has unbounded cardinality, but you still want to see a whitelisted value for `task_queue`.
```

> `metrics` - also contains configuration for the metrics subsystem keyed by provider name. There are three supported providers:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`metrics` contains configuration for the metrics subsystem keyed by provider name.
The following providers are supported:
```

`rpc` contains settings related to the way a service interacts with other services. The following values are supported:

- `grpcPort` is the port on which gRPC will listen.

> - `membershipPort` - used to communicate with other hosts in the same cluster for membership info. Each service should use different port. If there are multiple temporal clusters in your environment (for example Kubernetes cluster), and they have network access to each other, each cluster should use different membershipPort.
> - `bindOnLocalHost` - whether uses `127.0.0.1` as the listener address.
> - `bindOnIP` - used to bind service on specific ip, or `0.0.0.0`. Check `net.ParseIP` for supported syntax, only IPv4 is supported, mutually exclusive with `BindOnLocalHost` option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `membershipPort`: Port used to communicate with other hosts in the same Cluster for membership info.
Each service should use different port.
If there are multiple Temporal Clusters in your environment (Kubernetes for example), and they have network access to each other, each cCluster should use different membershipPort.
- `bindOnLocalHost`: Determines whether uses `127.0.0.1` as the listener address.
- `bindOnIP`: Used to bind service on specific IP, or `0.0.0.0`.
Check `net.ParseIP` for supported syntax, only IPv4 is supported, mutually exclusive with `BindOnLocalHost` option.
```

> 

Author: Need some help on this section.

Reviewer: bindOnIP and BindOnLocalHost are mutually exclusive.

localhost is only useful for scenarios where the services only need to be reachable from the same system, this is a convenience instead of just supplying `127.0.0.1` to BindOnIP.
